Installing:
    To install this program extract the PySchedule-1.0.tar.gz file.
    Open a terminal window in the directory that where you extracted the files.
    run:
        sudo python3 setup.py install
        
    note: You MUST run this is sudo to ensure that the package is installed at the root
    of the system and not inside of your system. The files should be extract
    to '/usr/local/lib/python3.5/dist-packages'.
    
Usage:
    The program is designed to allow the user to add courses and assignments
    and keep track of the assignments and track completion percentage of those assignments.
    
    The program will automatically save all information when you exit the application.
    The program will also automatically load the saved data and populate the approprate
    fields.
    
Courses:    
    Adding a Course:
        To add a course to the program use the left hand side panel and click the 'Add Course' 
        tab. Fill in the 'Course Title', Start time and End time, 'Location', and under 'Days',
        check either 'M, W, F', 'T, TH' or check both. 
        
        After all of these fields are filled in, click the 'Add Course' button at the top
        of the tab. If all of the fields are filled in, then the course will be added to the 
        correct days that it occurs on. 
        
        You may then add additional courses. These courses will be organized based on days
        it occurs and within each day, the courses will be organized based on start time. 
        
    Removing a Course:
        To remove a course, just double click on the course that you would like to delete. 
        You can choose any course from any day. You will then be prompted with a popup window
        asking if you would like to remove the course, choose 'Yes' and the course will be 
        removed along with all of it's assignments. Choose 'No' if you would like to keep the course.
        
Assignments: 
    Adding an Assignment:
        Note: You may only add an assignment if you have at least one course already added.
            See 'Adding a Course' in the 'Courses' section above.
    
        To add an assignment, click 'Add Assignment' tab in the top of the left hand side panel.
        Here, enter a title in the 'Title' box, then choose a course from the combo box, then, you 
        may click the drop down to find a calendar style popup to appear where you can choose
        the due date for the assignment and modify the due date time. You then can add the 
        percentage of the assignment that you have already completed. 
        
        After all of these fields are filled in, then you can click the 'Add Assignment' button at 
        the top of the panel. The assignment will then show up in the 'Notifications' panel 
        on the right hand side of the program. The assignments will be order based on due date.
        
    Seeing Assignment Details:
        Simply double click on the assignment in the 'Notifications' panel on the right side of 
        the program.
        
        A popup will appear with all of the information about the assignment. The title, course it 
        is assigned to, due date, and percent completed.
        
    Updating Percent Complete:
        After viewing the assignment that you would like to edit's assignment details, you can see 
        that there is an area where you can change the percent complete of that assignment. 
        If you click 'Save' then the value that you have entered will be saved ad the assignment's
        percentage complete. 
        
    Removing an Assignment:
        To remove an assignment, double click the assignment to see it's additional details. 
        Then set the percent complete to 100. You will then be prompted with a warning stating
        that by setting the percent complete you will be removing the assignment. If you choose 'Yes'
        the percent will be set to 100 and then removed from the 'Notifications' panel.
